Docs for XPENDING IDLE (#1442)
redis/redis-doc: commands/xpending.md

every consumer, so we can very efficiently show just messages pending for
a single consumer.

If the owner argument is an empty string, the command will return entries
assigned to any consumer:

```
> XPENDING mystream group55 - + 10 ""
```

> The above case will return the 10 (or less) first PEL entries of the entire group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above case will return the first 10 (or less) PEL entries of the entire group
```

Since version 6.2 it is possible to filter entries by their idle-time,

> given in milliseconds (Useful if you want to use `XCLAIM` to claim entries
> that have not been processed for some amount of time):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
given in milliseconds (useful for `XCLAIM`ing entries that have not been
processed for some time):
```

```
> XPENDING mystream group55 - + 10 "" IDLE 9000
> XPENDING mystream group55 - + 10 consumer-123 IDLE 9000
```

> The first case will return the 10 (or less) first PEL entries of the entire group
> that are idle for over 9 seconds.
> The second case will return the 10 (or less) first PEL entries of `consumer-123`
> that are idle for over 9 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first case will return the first 10 (or less) PEL entries of the entire group
that are idle for over 9 seconds, whereas in the second case only those of
`consumer-123`.
```
